contact.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Contact Us
icon: fa-envelope-o
permalink: /contact/
---

The [nunit-discuss](http://groups.google.com/group/nunit-discuss) mailing list is the best place to start. It is monitored regularly
by the NUnit developers and other experienced users. Describe your problem clearly and be sure to indicate the version of NUnit you are using.

**Note:** The list moderates all posts from non-subscribers. To prevent moderation, subscribe to the list first, using the same email address from which you plan to post.

## <i class="fa fa-bug"></i> Report a bug or Request a new feature

Before you report a bug against NUnit, run your tests in the console first. This will help us determine if the bug is with the framework or the test runner you are using.

Bugs, enhancements and feature requests should be entered as issues in the appropriate GitHub repository listed below. Before submitting bugs or issues, please consult our [contribution guidelines](https://github.com/nunit/nunit/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).

### Issues on GitHub

If you are not sure where to report a particular problem, please ask! If you aren't sure, don't worry... we can cross-reference it from the appropriate project.

- [NUnit Framework](http://github.com/nunit/nunit/issues)
- [NUnit Console Runner and Engine](http://github.com/nunit/nunit-console/issues)
- [NUnit 3 VS Adapter](http://github.com/nunit/nunit3-vs-adapter/issues)
- [NUnit Xamarin Runner](http://github.com/nunit/nunit.xamarin/issues)
- [NUnit Templates](http://github.com/nunit/nunit-vs-templates/issues)
- [NUnit VS Adapter](http://github.com/nunit/nunit-vs-adapter/issues)
- [NUnit 3 Test Project Template for dotnet new CLI](http://github.com/nunit/dotnet-new-nunit/issues)

**Note:** Bugs are no longer accepted on the NUnit V2 and NUnitLite projects. NUnit V2 bugs should be filed against the most appropriate project above and we'll check to see the problem doesn't occur in NUnit 3. NUnitLite bugs should be filed against the NUnit Framework, noting that the bug was found in the nunitlite environment.

## <i class="fa fa-comment-o"></i> To discuss or contribute to NUnit development

Start by joining the [nunit-developer list](http://groups.google.com/group/nunit-developer) and introducing yourself. This list is for development discussions about NUnit.
It's open to everyone and is the best place to discuss your ideas or to learn how to contribute to NUnit.

You can then read through our [contribution guidelines](https://github.com/nunit/nunit/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) for more information on getting involved.

Commit message:

- Update FontAwesome from 4.x to 5.x - Add links to Slack - Update the Contact information

contact.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Contact Us
icon: fa-envelope
permalink: /contact/
---

The [NUnit Slack Channel](https://join.slack.com/t/nunit/shared_invite/zt-jz58jw68-Led8y3WH4n2a~Y5WjuOpKA) is the best place to start. It is monitored regularly
by the NUnit developers and other experienced users. Describe your problem clearly and be sure to indicate the version of NUnit you are using.

If you are interested in submitting code to NUnit, you can also read through our [contribution guidelines](https://github.com/nunit/nunit/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) for more information on getting involved.

## <i class="fas fa-bug"></i> Report a bug or Request a new feature

Before you report a bug against NUnit, run your tests in the console first. This will help us determine if the bug is with the framework or the test runner you are using.

Bugs, enhancements and feature requests should be entered as issues in the appropriate GitHub repository listed below. Before submitting bugs or issues, please consult our [contribution guidelines](https://github.com/nunit/nunit/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).

### Issues on GitHub

If you are not sure where to report a particular problem, please ask! If you aren't sure, don't worry... we can cross-reference it from the appropriate project.

- [NUnit Framework](http://github.com/nunit/nunit/issues)
- [NUnit Console Runner and Engine](http://github.com/nunit/nunit-console/issues)
- [NUnit 3 VS Adapter](http://github.com/nunit/nunit3-vs-adapter/issues)
- [NUnit 3 Test Project Template for dotnet new CLI](http://github.com/nunit/dotnet-new-nunit/issues)

**Note:** Bugs are no longer accepted on the NUnit V2 and NUnitLite projects. NUnit V2 bugs should be filed against the most appropriate project above and we'll check to see the problem doesn't occur in NUnit 3. NUnitLite bugs should be filed against the NUnit Framework, noting that the bug was found in the nunitlite environment.
