donations.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Donations
icon: fa-usd
permalink: /donations/
---

Your donation to NUnit helps us pay for web hosting, making presentations at user events and - of course - continuing
to develop the software itself.

You can make a donation easily through Paypal, by clicking on the 'Donate' button.

{% include paypal.html %}

## Recent Donations

We thank the following individuals and companies for their donations to the NUnit project.

### 2017

- [StickerYou Custom Stickers](https://www.stickeryou.com/)
- Graham Wilson
- Michal Bieszczad
- Mighty IT (Pty) Ltd

### 2016

- Ben Chenathara
- John Burak
- Himanshu Saxena
- Dot Media
- Yevgeniy Mayskiy
- MacFarlane Physiotherapy, [www.macfarlanephysio.co.uk](http://www.macfarlanephysio.co.uk)
- Dzmitry Lahoda
- Righthand Miha Markic s.p.
- Erl Egestad

### 2015

- Jason Walker
- Bennex E-commerce Ltd, [giftprezzy.com](http://giftprezzy.com)
- Brandon Ringe
- Stephen Chownwai
- Галимова Алсу
- Justin Klumpp
- Righthand Miha Markic s.p.
- Gregory HillsHelmer
- Bryan & Armstrong Ltd. [bryan-armstrong.com](http://bryan-armstrong.com)
- Sebastien Guimmara
- Ian Carson
- Jose Jr Manzano
- Oappsis Pte. Ltd.

### 2014

- Frederick Blume
- Susan Orchard
- Dzmitry Lahoda
- Gorrior
- Chintha Mithra
- Health Internetwork
- Alistair Fenwick, [www.carltonbusinesscentre.co.uk](http://www.carltonbusinesscentre.co.uk)
- Bert de Miranda
- Alexander Krylkov
- Omid Sharafzadeh
- Jose Meynardo
- Thomas DiSarlo
- Dimitry Popov


### 2013

- Michael Brightwell
- PaweÅ‚ ZajÄ…c
- Wesley Harris
- Karl Shifflett
- Elli Davis, Toronto MLS Listings
- Chantal Marr
- Jamie Sarner, Toronto Realtor
- Toronto Real Estate
- Ezekiel Udoh
- David Spyr
- Mateusz Bednarski
- Clarence Defiesta

### 2012

- John Moore
- Tadeusz Dracz
- Christian Hidber
- Tuomas Hietanen
- Christian Selic
- David Mora
- Sandeep Rudrawar
- Ouali Gram
- Sergio Pereira
- Ahmed Khan

### 2011

- Abhay Jain
- Lars Thorup
- Fredrik Meyer
- Dong Xu
- Don Cashen
- Meynardo Jose
- Brett Burch
- Ravindran Thangarathinam
- Jason Jerome
- William Blum
- Steven Hosking

### 2010

- David Jeske
- Mahesh Kulkarni
- Chalermviriya Kamol
- Craig Boswell
- 1010 Vacations, Inc
- Hanumantha Pydimarri
- Paul Vienneau
- Jennifer Weingarten
- Gishu Pillai
- Michael Albert

### 2009

- Zaber Technologies Inc
- Olof Bjarnason
- James Pulaski
- Ryan Fraley
- Barbara Brittenham
- Jose de Fabriziis
- Hasan Zaidi
- Indizen Optical Technologies
- Pete Bady
- Daniel Richardson
- Micha Kisza
- Timothy Brooks
- Henry B Stinson
- BSDI

### 2008

- Joel Meador
- Scott Yost
- Zaber Technologies Inc
- Madan Reddy
- Mohomed Riyal
- Codice Software S.L.
- Rene Poston
- David J Harris
- Laura Morgan
- Mark Cassidy
- Jeff Atwood
- HighBrow Technologies
- Kristopher L Culin
- Eino Makitalo
- Leon Carpay
- Marcus Cuda
- Fernando Antonio Camargo
- Francois Korb
- Prasad Narravula
- AOE Media GmbH

Commit message:

Disable Paypal button on Donations page

donations.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Donations
icon: fa-usd
permalink: /donations/
---

Your donation to NUnit helps us pay for web hosting, making presentations at user events and - of course - continuing
to develop the software itself.

> _Currently, financial contributions to NUnit are suspended while we complete our reorganization under the .NET Foundation._

## Recent Donations

We thank the following individuals and companies for their donations to the NUnit project.

### 2017

- [StickerYou Custom Stickers](https://www.stickeryou.com/)
- Paul Evans
- Graham Wilson
- Michal Bieszczad
- Mighty IT (Pty) Ltd

### 2016

- Ben Chenathara
- John Burak
- Himanshu Saxena
- Dot Media
- Yevgeniy Mayskiy
- MacFarlane Physiotherapy, [www.macfarlanephysio.co.uk](http://www.macfarlanephysio.co.uk)
- Dzmitry Lahoda
- Righthand Miha Markic s.p.
- Erl Egestad

### 2015

- Jason Walker
- Bennex E-commerce Ltd, [giftprezzy.com](http://giftprezzy.com)
- Brandon Ringe
- Stephen Chownwai
- Галимова Алсу
- Justin Klumpp
- Righthand Miha Markic s.p.
- Gregory HillsHelmer
- Bryan & Armstrong Ltd. [bryan-armstrong.com](http://bryan-armstrong.com)
- Sebastien Guimmara
- Ian Carson
- Jose Jr Manzano
- Oappsis Pte. Ltd.

### 2014

- Frederick Blume
- Susan Orchard
- Dzmitry Lahoda
- Gorrior
- Chintha Mithra
- Health Internetwork
- Alistair Fenwick, [www.carltonbusinesscentre.co.uk](http://www.carltonbusinesscentre.co.uk)
- Bert de Miranda
- Alexander Krylkov
- Omid Sharafzadeh
- Jose Meynardo
- Thomas DiSarlo
- Dimitry Popov


### 2013

- Michael Brightwell
- PaweÅ‚ ZajÄ…c
- Wesley Harris
- Karl Shifflett
- Elli Davis, Toronto MLS Listings
- Chantal Marr
- Jamie Sarner, Toronto Realtor
- Toronto Real Estate
- Ezekiel Udoh
- David Spyr
- Mateusz Bednarski
- Clarence Defiesta

### 2012

- John Moore
- Tadeusz Dracz
- Christian Hidber
- Tuomas Hietanen
- Christian Selic
- David Mora
- Sandeep Rudrawar
- Ouali Gram
- Sergio Pereira
- Ahmed Khan

### 2011

- Abhay Jain
- Lars Thorup
- Fredrik Meyer
- Dong Xu
- Don Cashen
- Meynardo Jose
- Brett Burch
- Ravindran Thangarathinam
- Jason Jerome
- William Blum
- Steven Hosking

### 2010

- David Jeske
- Mahesh Kulkarni
- Chalermviriya Kamol
- Craig Boswell
- 1010 Vacations, Inc
- Hanumantha Pydimarri
- Paul Vienneau
- Jennifer Weingarten
- Gishu Pillai
- Michael Albert

### 2009

- Zaber Technologies Inc
- Olof Bjarnason
- James Pulaski
- Ryan Fraley
- Barbara Brittenham
- Jose de Fabriziis
- Hasan Zaidi
- Indizen Optical Technologies
- Pete Bady
- Daniel Richardson
- Micha Kisza
- Timothy Brooks
- Henry B Stinson
- BSDI

### 2008

- Joel Meador
- Scott Yost
- Zaber Technologies Inc
- Madan Reddy
- Mohomed Riyal
- Codice Software S.L.
- Rene Poston
- David J Harris
- Laura Morgan
- Mark Cassidy
- Jeff Atwood
- HighBrow Technologies
- Kristopher L Culin
- Eino Makitalo
- Leon Carpay
- Marcus Cuda
- Fernando Antonio Camargo
- Francois Korb
- Prasad Narravula
- AOE Media GmbH
